1. Explicitly about AI taking over jobs:
CMV: Having a UBI for all people reduces the need for minimum wage and gives everyone more freedom for employees and employers alike.
CMV: I believe AI will destroy humanity but not in a way many think.
CMV: Allowing androids (or robots that looks human) to live among us would cause more problems than they would solve
CMV: There is no more room for the arts in the next decades, and art as a career will simply stop existing.
What other careers can a captioner realistically transition to?
Anyone worried for actual artists with how amazing AI art has become?
MSM is talking about macroeconomics now because they don’t want to admit this is a movement.
More Efficient Yet More Work?
Beyond Five years, no one will have to work; then what?
What jobs will be left for humans when robots do it all?
What will fund universal basic income if no one is working one day?
How will you deal with the coming crisis of meaning?
Will AI replace graphic designers anytime soon?
CMV: unlinke the rest of scientific fields, tech-relatied fields are cults

2. NOT explicitly about AI taking over jobs:
Can't get a job
Software Developer: Freelancing or Full-time corporate??
Actionable Goals
I found the most anti-work nursing job possible.
I could get fired for pressing a button too much.
Anyone else feel like the current mental health crisis is largely caused by capitalism?
Laughing at HR's new rules
I had to pass up my lifelong dream job.
Spent a week preparing for an interview just to be told that the position is “up in the air.”
CEO pulled the crying act on me.
Corporate killed rural America.
Considering a job in AI/robotics but unsure if I'm qualified.
Should I contact the director about my dream job application?
Feeling topped out as a truck driver; what careers can I transition to?
Transitioning from financial aid to another career field.
What are some 'adult daycare' jobs that shouldn't exist?
Is an IT student assistant job a good start for a data science career?
Struggling with remote vs. in-office work expectations.
Choosing between electrical engineering and computer science.
Considering a career in translation studies but worried about AI taking over the industry.
Hate being a receptionist and looking for a career change.
Want to switch to a job involving Excel or IT but lack formal experience.
Can AI in games beat human players in certain scenarios?
Rant about big tech companies' behavior when they miss earnings.
Feeling overworked and hating my job.
Venting about the state of the economy and work.
Being forced to sign a form about pressing a button at work.
Starting a new job but being micromanaged.
Reflection on cost of living, low wages, feeling hopeless.
Complaint about stricter policies at work.
Rant about 'quiet quitting' and not working extra without extra pay.
Security guard at Walmart not wanting to stop shoplifters.
Writing letters to government about low wages.
Fired due to moving and getting married, embracing antiwork.
Told to take PPE refresher because didn't mention ESD equipment.
Hating job after being treated badly, considering quitting.
Overworked manager feeling guilty.
Art History degree holder feeling aimless and unsure what job to look for.
Considering changing careers from industrial engineering to IT.
PhD candidate in STEM unable to find a job.
Considering faking a resume to get a government job.
Let go from job and looking for advice.
Complaining about HR/managers running side hustles.
Offered a receptionist job where I have to stand for eight hours doing nothing.